Azure login generator (#24261)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureDataExplorer/ReleaseNotes/1_2_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Data Explorer

> - Added the ***azure-data-explorer-generate-login-url*** command to easy achieve the auth code.

Reviewer: @ShirleyDenkberg was this reviewed? This doesn't seem right.
I feel it should be more like this, please confirm.
```suggestion
- Added the ***azure-data-explorer-generate-login-url*** command to easily get the auth code.
```
